Peerapat Chiaprasert
peerapat.chiaprasert@gmail.com | (+66)86-624-6630 | http://www.linkedin.com/in/chpeerapat | Bangkok, Thailand 
Career Profile

Result-oriented operations leader with 8+ years of experience driving high impact initiatives, optimizing logistics processes, and leading high-performing teams. Proven track record in managing end-to-end operations, implementing data-driven strategies, and collaborating with stakeholders to deliver results
Led the successful launch of GrabFood in Thailand, crafting and executing a comprehensive go-to-market strategy and building key business functions to roll out the service in 6 weeks
Pioneered the GrabKitchen concept in Thailand, conducting detailed market research and using extensive data points to identify supply-demand gaps and growth opportunities. 
Accelerated GrabKitchen expansion by crafting innovative commercial frameworks and leading negotiations with top F&B firm to close the deal, resulting in a profitable and scalable business model
Professional Experience
TiffinLabs ⬝ Bangkok, Thailand	2022 - 2023
Country General Manager
Implemented TiffinLabs' strategic vision at the country level. Initiated commercial frameworks and built local business partners, expanding the partner kitchen network through sales leadership. Drove the go-to-market strategy, aligned with local F&B regulations, and localized the business model. Directed daily operations, budgeting, and P&L. 
Expanded TiffinLabs' 100 storefronts of delivery-centric brand in Thailand. Built and directed entire business team, namely, marketing, business development, and operations, to ensure alignment with company's vision. 
Crafted product value proposition to launch 7 delivery-focused food brands, defining brand roadmap to ensure product-market fit while setting up process to capture changing trends. 
Improved GMV by 20% on monthly basis, streamlining the company’s marketing plans with the delivery platform to maximize NPD sales, and scheduling regular product enhancements.  
Reduced COGS by 15% from lower purchase price and logistic costs, initiating fulfillment partnership with distributor, crafting and negotiating terms, achieving target price, quality and faster sourcing process
Grab ⬝ Bangkok, Thailand	2017 - 2022
Head, GrabKitchen | Operations Manager, GrabFood | Special Project Lead, GrabBike & GrabExpress
Spearheaded the launch, drove GMV growth and profit for GrabKitchen and GrabFood, prepared budgets, managed P&L, and collaborated with product and tech teams for high-impact feature rollout. 
Head, GrabKitchen (2019 - 2022)
Established GrabKitchen as the largest cloud kitchen network in Thailand, developing an asset-lite model and securing a deal with a top F&B company (CRG), resulting in a scalable and profitable business model.  
Achieved 20% GMV uplift and 4x ROI from initiating and managing marketing campaigns, including thematic campaigns, strategic partnerships, and JBPs. 
Developed feasibility model to ensure profitability of individual kitchens and calculate payback period, constructing the model using past performance and location-specific demand trends data
Maintained high retention rate at all kitchen locations with 90% occupancy and <10% churn rate by using effective selection and leading data-driven sales pitches from analysis of geo-specific data points
Developed and maintained a portfolio valued at more than 400 mn THB in annual GMV, which included over 120 food and beverage accounts, including street vendors, local chains, QSRs, and strategic partners. 
Operations Manager, GrabFood | Special Project Lead, GrabBike & GrabExpress (2017–2019) 
Propelled GrabFood to be market leader with 10k+ completed daily orders within 8 months and established key functions including fleet management, business development, revenue collection, and customer services 
Developed and executed a highly impactful go-to-market e-commerce strategy for prominent national brands such as MK, Starbucks, After You, Tim Hortons, CRG, MINOR, and other top F&B players. 
Formed and fostered high-performing teams across different functions and locations, overseeing more than 100 staff members, including 7 direct reports. 
Contributed 10% GMV increment from launching 3PL services, Collaborating with B2B sales team to assess market opportunities, creating commercial terms, leading sales pitch and securing BigC and Villa Market 
Ipsos Business Consulting ⬝ Bangkok, Thailand	2016 - 2017
Associate Consultant
Provided strategic recommendations to on client go-to-market strategy and growth strategy. Conducted market research to gather data and analyze industry trends. Formulated and secured partnerships for market expansion 
Formulated e-payment business model and selected strategic partners to ensure a successful launch. 
Crafted a go-to-market strategy for a Thai financial institution, facilitating the launch of e-commerce business.
EY (Ernst & Young) ⬝ Bangkok, Thailand	2015 - 2016
Consultant
Recommended strategic solutions focusing on costing, operations, and business process improvement for prominent listed company, government agency, and state-owned enterprise 
Developed costing model to identify service costs, addressing profitability issues for Ministry of Public Health. 
Improved efficiency for listed manufacturing company using ​​business process improvement framework. 
Education
Thammasat University ⬝ Bangkok, Thailand	2011 - 2014
Bachelor’s in Accounting (International Program)

area of expertise
Areas Of Expertise
Strategic Planning & Execution 		• Project Management		 	•  Team Leadership 
Cross-Functional Collaboration 		• P&L Management 			•   Analytical thinking 
Innovative Growth Strategies 		• Commercial Strategy	 		•   Go-to-Market Strategy 
e-Commerce Strategy 			• Online Platform Operations  		•   Stakeholder Management 

